## Republic of Tenreeds

<Assessment of Merit>
A series of written and oral exams intended to assess candidates' suitability for public office. The exams are administered by the Department of Civic Virtue and traditionally focus on personal morality, ethics, understanding of the law and administrative capability.

<Chamber of Sublime Concordance>
Tenreeds' unitary legislative assembly. Members are elected to multi-member constituencies via a complex system, involving selection of multiple small electorates by lot. Only individuals who have passed the Assessment of Merit are eligible to stand for office. The Chamber has yet to make any significant moves with respect to the coup.

<Council of Seven>
A spirit court comprising the city parents of Tenreeds' seven major cities.

<Factor-Plenipotentiary>
An officer of the Tengese or Zhao governments, tasked with representing the mercantile interests of their respective countries in Tenreeds. Ordinarily stationed at the Ten Factories in Willowstear, both Factors have since been forced out by the Radiant Siblinghood, along with their military garrisons.

<Grand Counsellor>
Head of government for Tenreeds, acting as arbiter of the Chamber of Sublime Concordance and overseeing appointments to the Grand Secretariat's highest offices. The role dates from before the Agrarian Revolution, and has been carefully balanced against that of the Grand Secretary. This balance has been disturbed by Zhao and Tengese interference, which has seen many of the Grand Counsellor's powers transferred to the Grand Secretary. Previously elected to ten year terms by the Chamber, elections have since been subject to the Grand Secretary's veto.

<Grand Republican Navy>
Tenreeds' navy. A professional fighting force, the navy is the largest standing force under the command of the central government. Headed by the Admiralty Board.

<Grand Secretariat>
Tenreeds' civil service. Officials are recruited on the basis of their performance in the Assessment of Merit and execute policy at a national level. Under the jurisdiction of the Grand Secretary.

<Grand Secretary>
Chief executive of the Republic of Tenreeds. Grand Secretaries are elected for life by an extraordinary assembly called the Grand Assembly for the Common Weal. Only Sebangsa who have passed the Assessment of Merit at a sufficiently high rank are eligible for election. Historically, the Grand Secretary has held limited powers: executive power over the Grand Secretariat; authority to call the National Militia and Grand Republican Navy to arms; and the granting or refusal of assent to laws. These powers have expanded significantly under Tengese and Zhao influence. The de jure secretary is Still Ocean, but since the coup the office is de facto vacant.

<Immaculate Order>
Creation's predominant religious philosophy, mandating subordination of gods to mortals and their Dragon-Blooded rulers and advocating vigilance against Anathema. Remarkably marginalised in Tenreeds in favour of local traditions and ancestor cults, but still present in most large settlements, maintaining links with mainland chapters.

<National Militia>
A levied force, typically mobilised by the Grand Secretary in times of war. The Militia is drawn from each city and its territory according to quotas set by the Chamber, and funded by local notables.

<Provisional Executive>
An unofficial term used by Sebangsa officials to describe the current council wielding de facto executive power over the Tenreeds government following the coup. Currently regarded with a great deal of suspicion by the vast majority of extant officials.

<Republican High Magistracy>
Tenreeds' judiciary arm. High magistrates are selected internally from senior magistrates who have passed the Assessment of Merit at a sufficiently high rank.

<Temple of Daybreak>
A generic term for Tenreeds' native cult of the Unconquered Sun, the Temple of Daybreak itself is located in Martyrfort. The Unconquered Sun is worshipped as a god of heroic labour - a master smith, precise shipwright, conscientious farmer and doughty citizen-soldier.
